higher shout-out to Squarespace for
sponsoring this video and let's get into
it
hey everyone welcome to a new vlog this
term is starting properly now this is
exam time and I've got my first contact
hour of the term today and it's a mock
exam yay
so my mock starts in less than an hour
and a half so I should really go and get
up in a moment it's on two of my modules
so that's two thirds of the content I'm
learning this year and it doesn't count
towards anything it's just a progress
tracker at this point real exams are in
thirty two days time I don't know if you
can see that but they are in fact in
touch two days time I'm not feeling too
good about it
I just I don't feel ready for the smoke
I feel like it's so frustrating I've
worked so hard over the holiday yeah I
just haven't covered all the content
there's just stuff I know I haven't
revised if a question comes up again I'm
just not gonna have a clue how to answer
it I don't know it's just too much to
know guys there's too much to know so
this morning I've been up doing
flashcards and cramming like I got up at
6 o'clock and been doing flashcards but
it's probably not gonna make any
difference and I'm sorry to be
pessimistic but oh I'm not feeling good
about this mark at all
but at least it's just a mock so I'm
telling myself don't get stressed about
it it's fine we're just going to know
that areas need to improve one which is
probably everywhere why are exams so
stressful guys someone tell me ok so up
I'm just about to head to my mock I'm
just trying to relax myself it's fine
I've worked hard if it goes bad that's
that's why I'm off hello everyone
so I am back from my mock three hours
later in actually goes quite fast when
you're in the exam it was as expected
really I don't think I know anything new
I knew before that I needed to do more
revision I know now that I still need to
do more revision I'm hoping I've scraped
to pass at least in that paper that just
lots more question practice I think is
needed now I definitely definitely
definitely want lunch
hey guys I've had lunch
I'm just about to head off to the
library because I've got so much work to
do just gonna pack up my bag get my work
out my folders I need yeah go go to the
library now I actually think it's gonna
be really really busy so I went about
mid-afternoon yesterday and I really
struggled to get a seat at all I don't
even know if it's worth walking over
there I don't want to walk over only to
find have to walk back there's no seats
but I do want to work in the library
it's a struggle I'm gonna I think I'm
gonna try because I work quite well in
the library
[Music]
hey everyone so I came back from the
library about almost two hours ago now
I've had dinner
I've sat around and watched some YouTube
and in general just try to relax I just
it got to the point when I was in the
library it was about five o'clock and I
was like I'm so done I've done so much
work today I'm literally exhausted I'm
now on to editing have a sneak peek here
we are I need to get back to work
shortly those I still have some work
that I would quite like to get done this
afternoon or this evening now I suppose
but cuz it gets lights so late in the
day now it feels like it's still
afternoon when it's actually evening
everyone so I've been on a run and it
was good and I've just had breakfast and
sat chatting to my friends a little bit
and now I'm gonna go have a shower and
head straight to the library I've got my
first supervision of term today and I've
handed in work for it already but I want
to kind of go over the stuff for that
supervision this morning as well just so
I'm ready with like any very particular
questions I have on the content I also
need to get some work done for tomorrow
I've actually got quite a pile of work
that I need to get through today I had a
dream last night that I was going on
holiday like I literally booked a
holiday for tomorrow and I was like no I
can't go on holiday I've got a revised I
can't take a week off work and it was
stressing me out and I was like there's
31 based of exams if I take a week out
there's only gonna be 24 days left until
exams ah so I was so relieved when I
woke up and I found I wasn't going on
holiday which is probably normally the
opposite of what I do when I dreamt I
was going on holiday but look that's
what exams are doing to me I'm committed
to the course just got back from the
library when I first got there I
literally sat down and I thought I
didn't bring any graph paper with me why
didn't I remember this when I was
leaving my room and it's a bit of a trek
over to the library these days like it's
a five-minute walk I had to walk all the
way back get my graph paper and then go
back to the library but we eventually
got working I've now got just under 45
minutes I'm gonna go get some lunch I'm
gonna finish off dry my hair
a dry naturally today and then probably
straighten the frizz out of it because
we don't like fruits okay so I'm just
about to head off to my first
supervision of term for those who are
new super visions our small group
teaching sessions with a academic in
college it's like a tutoring session and
it just really really helps with
learning the content and yeah so I've
been preparing for it this morning so I
can get the most out the supervision
not too many supervisions left and all
that so yeah I'm gonna go to that now I
am in my room revising this evening I
was just speaking to my parents on the
phone and I was saying I think this
might be the hardest I've ever worked in
my life except a levels because I worked
really really hard for my a-levels but I
feel like the amount of effort and
studying I'm putting in at the moment is
more than but it's good I feel like I've
got a good balance
I'm making sure I take regular breaks
but I'm still being productive when I'm
working I don't know the amount of
content is feeling quite overwhelming
right now like lectures are starting on
Friday and we've got like another three
weeks worth of new content to then this
term I want to see I haven't even
covered everything we've done so far in
my revision there so so so much to know
I mean I feel like I could put in insane
numbers of hours each day and still not
cover all the content this is the most
academically challenged I've ever been
in my life which I suppose would make
sense like the level of the content
you're learning is obviously going to
increase as you move through the years
of Education but it's good it's good day
and I'm learning a lot but I can just
feel myself getting stressed already and
I don't know why I do because like exams
aren't the be-all and end-all but just I
want a good grade so so bad I just don't
want to let myself down I don't wanna
fail the thoughts that thing going
through my head recently is how dare
they let me into this place
and give me an offer for Cambridge when
I'm not even capable of the content like
I feel so so out of my depth it's crazy
I know part of that is just my low self
confidence but also I do generally feel
like everyone
always one step ahead of me and I'm
always trying to catch up I'm always
just about clicking on I just finding it
really really hard good morning everyone
so I've just got up undressed
I've been for a run this morning so this
morning I need to cycle over to West
Cambridge to hand in work and I was like
right let's go get ready and oh look
what's happened it started raining
pouring I was seeing that they're
thinking what's that dripping noise rain
the weather forecast said it wasn't due
to rain this morning so I feel a little
bit betrayed okay now it's stopped maybe
it's just a shower they called them
April showers don't they that must have
been just an April shower work hands in
does someone want to tell me what that
sounds gone this weather is just not
what I was expecting my bike is still in
working order this term although I put
the seat up last term and now I'm
thinking the seats too high and I want
to learn again but I don't know how I
think I need an allen key from what you
have said okay so I'm back from my cycle
ride and now typically the Sun has come
out look it wasn't that sunny when I was
out there my first math supervision of
term is in an hour and a half ish and
then it'll be lunch after that okay so
I'm just heading to my math supervision
it's now belong okay so I've just had
lunch taking the rest of my Sainsbury's
shot up to my room I put the necessary
stuff in the fridge kind of chat with my
friends over lunch which was pleasant I
think I'm just going to go up to my room
now tie up stuff from the master
supervision and have a cream egg because
that's an essential part of my day then
I'll go to the library for the rest of
the afternoon until dinnertime hello
everyone I'm walking to lectures not
really ready for lectures to start again
don't have much choice in the matter
I'm just going to pay attention the
whole way through and not get behind
this term because there is literally no
time to catch up if I do get behind
because exams are literally a week after
lectures end I supposed to be good to
get back into a routine
I'm in my pajamas I'm just about to go
to sleep
lectures were okay this morning I
managed to pay attention in all three
lectures which is quite good like I
didn't lose focus at all throughout the
whole of the three latches that's three
hours solid of focusing and I'm feeling
okay about all the new content that we
ought to learn I'm thinking it's doable
I was going to stay on it I had a
meeting with my director of studies
today and that was I think was
reassuring he just gave me some advice
on revision but tomorrow is Saturday
which I'm very happy about because it
means no lectures for me and I'm not
going to set an alarm this is the first
time I've not set an alarm in ages I'm
just gonna wake up or when I wake up
good morning everybody
so it's now past 9 o'clock I did wake up
at just past 8 o'clock about an hour ago
and that was without an alarm so I
thought that's actually not bad I'm
feeling well rested so that's good it
feels like a lovely Saturday morning
I've literally just been sat in my bed
for an hour replying to YouTube comments
on my latest video in general thanks for
everyone's lovely comments on my YouTube
videos like honestly these comments make
my day
I love interacting with you guys and
replying so yeah thanks for commenting
thanks for showing the love I think I'm
gonna get up and get some breakfast and
I want to be working by like an hour's
time I want to say I'm gonna go to the
library this morning and then I'm gonna
go for brunch but at lunchtime because a
lot of my friends have lectures until
lunchtime so they can't have brunch mid
morning as it's usually intended ok I'm
finally heading off to the library
taking me a while but you know what it's
a Saturday morning and I'll put in a
good few hours in the rest of the day as
you can probably also see I'm making no
f of my appearance at the moment i rung
my mom yesterday evening and I had
makeup on because we had lectures and
stuff yesterday so I was like you know
what I'll make myself look nice I'll
straighten my hair I'll put some makeup
on but like every other day I'm
literally just in the library I don't
even want to make an effort putting
makeup
or anything my mom was like oh you're a
different page you look nice it's not
that's nice this weekend we'll be back
to my normal self not wearing makeup
makeup his foot when exams are over and
a half time to put it on so I've just
come back from the library and I'm a
little bit upset really because I was
seeing the library and I've been working
this morning thinking oh great brunch
that's my treat today and then the
College of canceled brunch like they
literally put a notice up outside the
door giving us no advance warning saying
oh by the way we've decided at the last
minute to cancel brunch today how do
they expect me to pass my exams without
having my Saturday brunch it's what I
look forward to it's what keeps me going
without this brunch how am I supposed to
carry on like this was my treat and I
was working I was like why am I even
working I'm not even getting a treat
today today's the worst day ever
I'm just a hungry student now I guess
I'm just gonna go make a Marmite
sandwich like it's not that exciting now
I was really looking forward to brunch I
didn't make the edge but I'm looking
forward to eating it and here is
everyone else they're all cooking it's a
busy busy kitchen hello hello I'm
feeling less stressed I'm feeling less
panicked I don't know what's happened I
hadn't I've got my countdown and because
it's 28 days now which is actually a
round number of weeks that's four weeks
four whole weeks I've got four whole
weeks to revise from now I'm gonna be
fine there's plenty of time I can relax
why I'm a panicking I'm gonna do some
maths because I haven't done much maths
recently because obviously I had a
physics walk last week and not a math
smock so I just kind of neglected all my
maths work and just revised physics but
I'm actually gonna do some maths now
hello everyone so I've just got back
from Cara I had a burger there's another
door
guys you can't see right now but there's
two foxes like literally right here oh
my god I wish she could see them oh good
Oh what cuz I'm scaring me Jesus Christ
that's so brave
good morning everybody so it's Sunday
morning and guess where I'm off to today
I'll give you a minute get your guesses
in why do you think I'm going what could
I be doing today that's right I'm going
to the library literally where I spend
all my days at the moment oh my god I
better get a good grade outfit I've
fully committed to the cause okay like
I'm going to the library all the time I
deserve a good grade get page a21 that's
what the cause is get page a21 and you
might think page a to one's easy
like you should be going for first like
everyone can get to one no everyone
can't get a to one
it's very very very hard because being
ranked against everyone else in my year
and they were all quite bright it's a
bit annoying really could they all just
stop revising and stop being so
intelligent I've gotta do better than a
certain amount of people in my year to
get the to one but you know what we're
gonna keep going for it
hello everyone welcome to another
laundry segment today I'm joined by
Henry I'm a fellow student at Jesus
College but I'm doing classics in my
second year and today we've got lots of
little bits - look at this big sack
someone said I trace the Latin for GCSE
did I make the right decision that's
absolutely the right decision it's a
really good GCSE to take it helps you
with so many things in the other
subjects that you'll be studying at GCSE
or relate to in life whatever they end
up being and it will help you generally
with thinking about how language works
any advice for exam season take breaks
anything breaks what do you do in your
free time I like music
whether that's often playing music
sometimes writing music is fun to do in
my free time socializing with friends is
a really good thing to do you know
sometimes even laundry seconds yeah
great pastime Oh
someone said they loved Henry's blog
political language so they'd like to
know why he started the blog I've
started writing a blog about political
language because I like thinking about
language and studying language and I
spend a lot of my time thinking about
politics and following pas de faire so
that just means my - interesting ever
that's what yeah that's how I like to
show that and produce something every
week so I'm committed to Friday I'll put
a link in the description tennis blog so
every
that's so gross why do people do this to
the machine there's like a load of gunk
in the machine I don't even know how to
do it that suit
okay now I'm gonna do I'm gonna carry on
with the questions and then we're going
to do the laundry after next question is
what would you say it's your secondary
school self to get those worried about
the things that stress you out all the
things that we can say yes that's all
the questions thank you for sending in
questions if you want to get involved
next time then it'll all be over all my
Instagram and yeah see you soon with
another laundry segment bye this is what
I've been left with this is like liquid
floaties somebody bits just in the bit
where I'm supposed to put I don't want
to put my laundry on with that No thank
you
obviously wrong my parents cuz that's
what I do with the laundry disasters and
apparently this thing is removable so we
can take out and wash out but we can't
find any cash to remove it success it's
been removed it took some time if me and
Henry were both and it trying to get it
out look how disgusting it is in there
gross
also this needs cleaning out but we've
had success okay everyone so where the
laundry is complete I think I am going
to go back to the library I should have
a coffee first and then I'm gonna go
back to the library hey everyone so I'm
just happy a coffee break now glorious
thing that coffee is so I basically just
forgot how good I am at procrastinating
and I am actually going to the library
now I just it got to the point where a
sight you know what I should have a
snack now to keep me going because the
library is a bit of a walk away and
there's no point going there coming back
like pretty much straight away for
dinner and then going back so I've had a
snack I'm going to go for like a few
hours and then I'll come back and have a
late evening sandwich or something so
I've now figured out the most efficient
way to get to the library this is the
quickest route from where I live to the
library minimizing time spent walking
[Music]
okay we're back from the library a
little bit earlier than usual I'm
feeling quite pleased with myself like
I've basically done a solid amount of
which day I'm just gonna go get my
laundry out the washing machine put
stuff in the tumble dryer etc and I
might just read over my lecture no it's
just so I'm prepped for the lectures
tomorrow morning because I've really got
to stay on top of lectures this time
also can we just appreciate my slippers
with they're my summer slippers how cool
are they
[Music]
Bonjour everyone dont know whybut is so
hot in this room it's got a for the
window I just hop on dree and I suddenly
thought hey why don't ascend mode
because obviously I have my colours to
do didn't do my colours earlier so you
know I'm gonna go put a second load of
laundry on no laundry segment this time
I'm afraid but yeah and that's the end
of this vlog I just like to say again
thank you very much to Squarespace for
sponsoring this video
Squarespace gives people a powerful and
beautiful online platform on which you
can create a website and it's also so so
easy because they have tons of designer
award-winning templates which you can
use for the website one really handy
feature is that you can link all your
social media accounts to your website so
you can post to all of them
simultaneously they also have a mobile
app which means you can manage a blog
and its comments whilst on the go if you
go to Squarespace calm /page y-you can
get 10% of your first purchase
and a free trial so I will leave a link
to that in the description below and
yeah I hope you've enjoyed the video I
hope you're all having a good week
please do give it a like if you enjoyed
it subscribe down below hit the
notification Val follow me on Instagram
and I'll see you soon with another vlog
bye
[Music]